com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.BluetoothConnectReceiver
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.MediaButtonIntentReceiver
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.PluginInfo
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$drawable: int fbreader_plugin
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$drawable: int media_playback_pause
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$drawable: int media_playback_start
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$drawable: int media_playback_stop
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$drawable: int media_skip_backward
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$drawable: int media_skip_forward
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$drawable: int setup_hide
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$drawable: int setup_show
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$id: int bigButtons
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$id: int button_about
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$id: int button_close
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$id: int button_lang
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$id: int button_next_paragraph
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$id: int button_pause
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$id: int button_play
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$id: int button_previous_paragraph
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$id: int button_reset
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$id: int button_setup
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$id: int button_tts_set
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$id: int info
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$id: int pitch_control
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$id: int read_sentences
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$id: int sliders
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$id: int speed_control
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$id: int volume_control
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$id: int vtext
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$layout: int about_panel
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$layout: int control_panel
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$string: int about
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$string: int back
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$string: int book_language
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$string: int choose_language
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$string: int copyright
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$string: int failure
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$string: int initialization_error
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$string: int language_is_not_set
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$string: int no_data_for_language
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$string: int no_tts_installed
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$string: int pitch
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$string: int read_sentences
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$string: int reset_tts
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$string: int set_language
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$string: int speak_menu_item
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$string: int speed
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$string: int title
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$string: int tts_settings
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$string: int unknown
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$string: int url
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$string: int version
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.R$string: int volume
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.SpeakActivity
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.SpeakApplication
com.hyperionics.fbreader.plugin.tts_plus.SpeakService
org.geometerplus.android.fbreader.api.ApiObject
org.geometerplus.android.fbreader.api.ApiObject: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
org.geometerplus.android.fbreader.api.ApiObject$Boolean
org.geometerplus.android.fbreader.api.ApiObject$Date
org.geometerplus.android.fbreader.api.ApiObject$Error
org.geometerplus.android.fbreader.api.ApiObject$Integer
org.geometerplus.android.fbreader.api.ApiObject$Long
org.geometerplus.android.fbreader.api.ApiObject$String
org.geometerplus.android.fbreader.api.ApiObject$Void
org.geometerplus.android.fbreader.api.PluginApi$ActionInfo
org.geometerplus.android.fbreader.api.PluginApi$ActionInfo: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
org.geometerplus.android.fbreader.api.PluginApi$MenuActionInfo
org.geometerplus.android.fbreader.api.PluginApi$PluginInfo
org.geometerplus.android.fbreader.api.TextPosition
org.geometerplus.android.fbreader.api.TextPosition: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
